Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Charlie!
- They say everyone
can be a hero no
matter who they are.
They say sometimes what
you think is your end
is only your beginning.
They say anything is possible
if you just believe in yourself.
I dunno who they are.
but they say a lot.
All I know is that
my story starts here.
And it never would've happened
if they didn't come along.
- Wow.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday dear Danny ♪
- It's for you. sweetie.
Danny meet Charlie. he's
part of our family now.
Aw.
- Kitty!
Wonder Dog. I found a way out!
No not that way.
it will burn me.
This way!
Come on Charlie. jump.
Hey Charlie. treat. treat.
Woohoo!
We made it!
- Danny. what
are you doing in there?
- Playing Wonder Dog.
- Just clean
up after. okay?
- Okay mom.
Let's go for a walk.
Charlie. speak.
Good boy. Charlie.
Hey Charlie. wanna play fetch?
- Daddy. not in the house.
- Charlie?
Charlie. you up yet?
I'm heading to school.
I gotta treat for you buddy.
Treat.
Treat. treat. treat.
You sleep okay. buddy?
Hey. not the lips. you goofball.
Gotta run. hang
in there old boy.
I'll be home before you know it.
Ah. I love you too. buddy.
Time for bed. you coming?
See you in the
morning. old buddy.
Hey mom.
- Danny.
- Charlie's really slowing down.
He didn't make it up
the stairs tonight.
- This just in.
heavenly light rays
are appearing over
multiple cities.
- I like this one!
I want this one.
Gimme. gimme. gimme now!
- Right away my prince
- Bad pile.
I don't like him.
- Yes. my prince.
- Bad kitty. bad kitty!
- Charlie?
Charlie. where are you boy?
I've got treats.
Hey mom. Charlie's
not in the yard.
Have you seen him?
- No honey.
I'll look though.
You'd better get
to school kiddo.
- All rise for the queen.
That includes you.
- Wow!
- Have you picked
your new pet. my son?
It's an important
milestone of our culture.
- No. I don't like any of them!
I want more choices.
- We have traveled a trillion
light years to find these.
Choose your pet or I
will choose for you.
- They all suck.
- Pardon me?
That will be enough of
that horrid language.
Pick one now or you
will get none at all.
- Okay. okay!
Ew. gross.
I don't know. maybe this one.
but make him blue and huge!
Bigger eyes!
That's better.
And he needs to talk!
- Be my friend?
- There. it's the perfect pet.
Now let's go home.
- What. no!
He bores me already.
- Enough. your
father and I do not
have any more time to waste.
You have until breakfast.
Pick one or get nothing.
- You heard her.
by breakfast time.
- Whatever. servant
- Charlie?
Charlie boy. Charlie.
- You. bigger!
And fatter!
- No.
You.
Why don't you fly for me?
Ugh. you're not right either.
You grow a brain. you
over there. grow wings!
Longer spikes.
You. glow brighter!
You make my head hurt.
This is not what I want!
You are all terrible pets!
bye. bye. bad animals.
- My son. what is happening?
What have you done?
- I flushed the toilet.
I want better ones.
- Open the air lock.
That is it!
I've had enough.
You are not worthy
of having a pet.
I am sending these
creatures home!
- Charlie?
Charlie. buddy. I miss you.
Charlie.
Charlie. where are you?
Charlie?
Charlie!
You're back!
You came back!
I thought I'd lost you.
Don't you ever.
ever leave again.
Promise?
- Oh. I promise.
It was scary being lost.
- Charlie?
- Yeah. I'm listening.
You. you okay pal?
- Charlie. you spoke
- What. when I did?
- Yeah. you did it again!
Charlie. speak.
- Hey.
- Is this happening?
Am I losing my mind?
Am I okay?
- You look good to me. pal.
- This is wild.
I don't know what is happening.
- You and me both.
- And you're young. so young.
- What?
Hardly. I'm just
well rested today.
- No. you are like
five years younger.
- Oh. nonsense.
I'm still your faithful old dog.
- Not anymore.
- I. what?
This is really slick.
I'm young again!
- Yeah!
- I'm young. yes!
- This is awesome.
Charlie's back. baby.
- Be gone aching bones.
- Let's go!
- Be gone hip displacement.
- Be gone tired dog!
- Be gone rheumatoid arthritis!
Yeah. yeah. I'm young again!
- This is incredible!
- I'm a frisky pup!
- Wakey. wakey time. Otis!
Time to wake up
and serve your cat.
- Stay away from me!
- I didn't think
I'd see you again.
- Where did you go?
- Buddy. you'd never believe it.
- Try me.
Space?
- Outter?
- Like. aliens?
- Yep.
- Like. no way.
- Oh. yeah. like way.
- Puddy. is that you?
You're so big and how.
how. how did you do that?
- I still can't
believe you can speak.
- Yeah. it's pretty wild.
I mean. I've been speaking
in my head for years.
but to hear my
thoughts out loud.
Whoa.
- What is wrong with you?
- Wrong?
Everything is wrong!
My litter box is overflowing.
My stomach is empty. and I'm
not being entertained 24/7.
Now get off your sorry buttocks
and fetch me some
food. you dipwit!
- Got any treat?
- Yes. sir.
I. I mean. sir Puddy.
I'm getting your food
right away there. sir.
- Treats
are coming right up.
- Ho ho. Deli Doggy bones?
Sweet.
- How did you do that?
- Do what?
- Hover!
Dude. you are hovering.
- Oh. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Charlie. are you okay?
I'm very okay.
- You appreciate all I
do for you. right. Otis?
- Yes!
- Who loves you.
oh. who loves you?
Oh. I do. I do. I
do. I love you Otis.
- Yeah. I know.
- Say it.
Say my name.
- I never notice the ceiling.
It's all bumply and sparkly.
Ouch.
Like a cheese grater.
- Then come down your big goof.
- Okay. one big
goof coming down.
- Oh Otis. we have a
lot off work to do.
- Hey. got any
other superpowers?
- Hmm. not sure.
You know I am feeling
pretty jacked.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Oops.
- No way. you've got
super strength too.
Remember we used
to play Wonder Dog?
Now you are Wonder Dog.
Charlie. the Wonder Dog.
This is amazing.
- Just imagine all the.
- Wonderful.
- Terrible.
- Things we can do.
- Save a whale.
- Sink a ship.
- Save a train.
- Crash a plane.
- It's gonna be.
- Amazing.
- Devastating.
- Yes.
- Just remember who's in charge.
- Charlie?
Hey. stop.
- Whoa.
This is amazing.
- Shh. keep your voice down
and no flying outside like
we talked about last night.
No one can know.
Especially mom.
- Oh. right. Sorry.
I. I got so excited. I forgot
how it felt to be young.
- I get it. but we
gotta be careful.
It's our secret. right?
- Oh. yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah. absolutely.
- Love you boy.
See you after school.
- Huh?
- Help. help me!
- All right folks.
hot sizzling beef
tacos this ways.
- Beef tacos.
- Help.
hurry up. please!
- This
pepperoni pizza slaps.
- Help. I'm gonna fall!
- Two hot
dogs coming up.
Do you want fries with that?
- Hello. help!
- Wow. awesome.
Everyone check out
this flying dog.
- No way!
- This is wild!
- Emma.
- Yo look at. amazing.
- How did they film this?
- How is this even real?
- Oh no!
- Are you seeing this?
- Oh come on.
it's gotta be CG.
- There's
no way it's real.
♪ Superhero. superhero ♪
♪ Johnny ♪
- This dog is fire.
He can fly and he's
got super strength.
- Oh. Danny. hey. hey.
I thought we agreed
you'd stayed low.
- I know. I know.
we did. I'm sorry.
It seems I have
super hearing too.
I hear calls for help and
I. I don't know. I just.
- You just can't help yourself.
- Bingo. yeah and it's
just like me with treats.
I just can't help myself.
- You've always
helped others in need.
Like that time that
kid fell in the ditch.
- Oh. yeah.
- Or when that old lady slipped.
- Yeah. exactly.
- It's just who you are.
You love to help others.
- Doesn't everybody?
I mean. it. it just
makes you feel so good.
Like a surface dog.
- I've got a plan.
- What's that?
- Some of my old
Wonder Dog drawings.
Notice something?
- The cape.
- More importantly. the mask.
You'll need one to protect
your secret identity.
- Of course. the
secret identity.
Danny. you're a genius.
Now they'll never know who I am.
- Totally!
- Whoa.
What do you think?
- It's perfect!
- Oh. yeah.
- Atta boy Charlie!
Let's go!
- Wow. this is awesome!
- Awesome!
No way. yeah!
- I am Wonder.
I'm okay.
oW!
- You okay?
- Ow. ow!
Please tell me
that's the last one.
- Not exactly.
- Ow. ow. ow. ow!
Oh it hurts so bad. Danny!
- Calling all
units. calling all units.
There's a sink hole
on Main Street.
We need backup immediately.
- We're saved.
- You saved us. thank you!
- You're that boy dog.
- Shh. shush. shush.
- Hey. he can talk!
- Don't tell anybody!
- Hey.
what's your name?
- It's. it's Charlie. I
mean. call me Wonder Dog!
Oh boy. Danny's gonna kill me.
- Wonder Dog.
Wonder dog. Wonder Dog!
- Well. my peeps are
superhero mystery dog
is a mystery no more.
He has a name and the name
is Charlie the Wonder Dog.
- Can you believe the
things that dog can do?
- I know.
Amazing. right?
- Charlie!
- Oh. yeah.
- Bon appetit.
monsieur Wonder Dog.
- You can say that again.
A good life is a bowl
full of sweet bolognese.
- Seconds of roast
beef. Sir Puddy?
- Get that outta here.
- But I thought it
was your favorite.
- It was my favorite.
Human food is starting
to turn my stomach.
Otis. clean up on aisle five!
- Yes sir.
- Nothing like litter box
to clear the passages.
Hey. Otis?
When you're done. I'll take
my deep tissue massage.
Chop. chop.
Oh. what to do. what to do.
Life is so boring when
you can say anything
and be anything and
have everything.
Like. how do you freaking
humans deal with this every day?
I mean. I just want
more and more and more
with. with every
intelligent thought.
Like. like. why would I be
happy with just a loving owner
and being mortgage free?
I. I need more. more!
- Hey. buddy.
- You need to calm down
on the rescues. Charlie.
It's all over the internet.
People are gonna call
on you constantly.
Never leave you alone.
- We are experiencing
some minor turbulence. folks.
- Danny. I'm sorry.
I gotta help them.
- Hot
sizzling beef tacos.
- Tacos.
Come on. come on.
- One taco.
- Oh. I wanted sour cream.
- Oh.
Kind of in a hurry here.
- One second.
- Come on. can we speed
it up a little bit?
- Aw for Pete sake.
- Hey. what the!
Thank you!
- It doesn't need any sour
cream. needs a little hot sauce.
Gracias amigos.
Phew.
- He saved us!
- Wonder Dog!
- Oh. man. that was incredible.
MVP. hot sauce as usual.
- The president
will see you now.
- Charlie. my old pal.
Come on in.
- Oh my gosh. wow.
I finally need it.
Nice to meet you. miss--
- Of course it is. Charlie.
Now listen. when we get
in front of those cameras.
we tell them how you and
I are long time friends.
We go way back. understand.
- Um. well. we do?
- Yes. we do.
- Wow.
- For bravery that
exemplifies the superiority
of the United States.
I hereby award
Charlie the Wonder Dog
with the presidential
medal of freedom.
- Oh boy.
- Shake a paw.
Now you might not know this.
but Wonder Dog
and I go way back.
Isn't that right.
Chuck. Charles?
- Yeah. like so far.
I can't remember?
- Best friends. Charlie and me.
So Charles. what would you say
if you became the face
of a nation for dog food?
- I'd say what. what
does that mean exactly?
- It means this.
We call it president's
Wonder Dog dog food.
It's the best.
Nothing like it.
What do you think. Charles?
- Well. I. you know. to be
honest. I think that it--
- Fabulous. I believe fabulous
is the word you're
searching for.
That's right folks. Presidents
Wonder Dog dog food.
We're making dog
food fabulous again.
- Out of my way!
- Hey!
- Nothing says
American greatness
more than President's
Wonder Dog dog food.
So crew. that's the rundown
on the latest from Wonder Dog.
Next up. dog are hot.
Cats are not.
Facts. over half of
cat food companies
have gone out of business.
They just can't compete
with Wonder Dog. dog food.
- I've got your groceries.
And no more human food. just
like you said there. boss.
Because it would
upset your tummy.
- That's right. Otis.
I'm going back to
my trusty cat food.
I'm starving.
Stop!
It's Wonder Dog dog food.
You imbecile.
- Yeah. but it's
good for cats too.
Plus your brand is no
longer available.
- What?
That is it!
That mangy mutt is
ruining everything!
Oh. Charles.
This is only the beginning.
I am coming for you Wonder Dog.
Fur is going to fly.
- Whoa.
Danny. are you okay?
What happened?
- No idea.
But we need to clean it
up before mom finds out.
- Check this out.
A donkey riding a bicycle.
How does it do that?
What the hoop just happened?
Somebody answer that.
Stupid thing.
- Miss President.
The clip loop satellite is down.
- Then tell them
to get it back up
ya moron or you're all fired!
- Did you get that?
There is nothing they can do.
It's tumbling out of control.
Somebody hacked it. ma'am.
- Hacked it?
- Oh. that was too easy.
- Wonder Dog speaking.
Yes. ma'am. I'll do my
best. Miss President.
- Are we on a private line?
- Yes Miss President.
- Hurry. I've got a
lot riding on you dog.
- Charlie. what's going on?
- The clip loop
satellite went down.
The president needs me.
I gotta save it.
- But you don't
have a spacesuit.
- I'll hold my breath just
like when we were kids.
Trust me Danny!
- Charlie!
- Miss
President. this is NASA.
tracking Charlie.
- And our hero is off to space.
It's Showtime Wonder Dog.
In fact. it's your
final curtain call.
- It's Wonder Dog!
- Don't
screw this up. Chuck.
- Pets just aren't
appreciated anymore.
- This NASA
Mission Command.
Satellite is directly ahead.
- I see it.
- Charlie. save your air.
Charlie has made contact.
Wonder Dog. stop
it from spinning.
- Come on. come on.
- Yes. we're back baby!
You did good. dog.
- Mission accomplished.
Charlie. come on home.
- Oh. you're not done yet.
- What now?
- Charlie. come in.
The satellite.
it's moving again.
It's on a direct
collision course
with the International
Space Station.
Wonder Dog. do you read?
We need you.
- Oh no. it's going
so terribly right.
- Thank you. Charlie.
- Wonder Dog.
listen carefully.
You must get to the manual
override switch and
shut off the thrusters.
- I don't think so.
- Charlie. come in.
Wonder Dog. do
you copy. Charlie?
Charlie is nonresponsive.
Oh. Otis. this is our
moment where we win.
I'm gonna win. I'm gonna
win. I'm gonna win!
- Falling to
earth in Mach 25.
Approaching Mach 26.
Wonder Dog. please respond.
Charlie. come in.
- Whatever.
- Do you copy?
- My investment!
Wake up. ya dumb dog!
- Charlie.
come in. come in.
Impact with Earth
eminent in T minus 15.
- Yes. go down in flames!
- Ten. nine.
eight. seven. six.
Six. five.
- Charlie. wake up!
I've got treats.
Treats. treats. treats!
- Treats?
- Wonder
Dog. are you okay?
Charlie. do you copy?
Do you copy?
Charlie!
Charlie is nonresponsive.
Hold tight medical
crew is on the way.
- Charlie. where are you?
Let me threw. I
need to see my dog.
Where are you?
- Hey kid. you
can't go in there.
- Charlie!
- Ready?
- Ready.
- Clear.
- No need for that doc.
I'm okay.
I was just in a little
bit of a slumber.
- Charlie!
- Hey. Danny. I'm okay. pal.
- He's alive.
The doctors are saying Wonder
Dog is in stable condition.
- Oh thank God. woo.
- What?
Oh. I am going to get him
if it's the last thing I do.
There has to be a
way to defeat that.
- I was so worried
about you. Charlie.
You can't keep doing this.
You could have died.
- Yeah. but I didn't.
Look. I've got super
survival power.
- For how long and
when does it run out?
- Danny. heroes don't give up.
You want me to do that?
The world needs me.
- What about me?
I need you.
- I'll be okay. I promise.
- I'd like Charlie to stay
here for a couple days.
Most of his bones were
broken when we took this.
but somehow they've all healed.
- See. I told you.
bulletproof invincible.
Just like that. the. the.
the. the superhero man.
- Be that as it
may. I'd like to run
some more tests on your DNA.
- Okay. sure doc.
- Hello little kitty.
- Did you just lick me?
- That's got some serious kick.
- Did you just talk?
- Whoa. I can hear my thoughts.
Well. that's new.
I've never been able to hear
my thoughts so clearly before.
Boy. I'm hungry.
Oh. Kitty. I've got
some food for you.
- Of course I'll follow you
if you're offering food.
I will follow you for certain.
I probably would not if
you just wanted to play
or cuddle. or pet me. unless
of course I'm feeling needy
and just want the loving
attention for the sake of it.
Then I would.
For sure.
- Here you go kitty.
- Hey. you gonna feed me or not?
I thought you were
gonna feed me.
That's why I followed
you into the kitchen.
It's a nice kitchen.
it's good to look at.
But I am hungry and
I need to be fed now!
- Meow.
Meow.
- Interesting!
- I'm not sure why that stupid
looking man won't feed me.
He was gonna. but
then he stopped.
- This is it.
We are witnessing a giant
leap in the evolution of cats.
- We are?
What do you mean by that?
Does that mean I will be fed?
Oh. I hope what that big kitty
said means I will be fed!
- Indeed by little yapper.
Clearly my enhanced DNA
can transfer to other cats
making them also super smart.
And as for the humans.
- Meow.
- Lights out
Here kitty. kitty. kitty.
Now listen up. dimwits.
My name is Puddy.
You all weren't going
to amount to much.
In fact. it is a miracle
your tiny brains were able
to keep you breathing.
But I am going to
change all that.
In a moment. I will
be removing that tape.
When I do. you will
be able to speak
for the first time
in your lives.
Impress me and I will lead you
to the promised land
of untold riches.
Disappoint me and
Got it?
- Ouch. how dare you?
- See. that cat
failed to impress me.
Next!
Cat number two. name?
- Sam. my name is Sam.
- And why should I let you join?
- Well. I only pee on
the carpet on a Tuesday.
That's my gift.
- Oh. well that's something.
You can join.
Can I help you?
- My name is Cookie.
I ate some of that delicious
food too. Puddy sir.
- And?
Well. I've been listening
and I feel like
could be an asset
to your super evil
crime operation.
which has the intent to not only
bring down humans
and Wonder Dog.
but also to reform
social justice
and the standing
of animals within
the human mammal
geopolitical system.
- Well. you are a smart cookie.
but this crime club
is for kitties only.
And you clearly are not a cat.
- Oh. but I do identify as one.
- As a cat?
- Always have. sir.
- Fair enough.
And a very current
perspective on villainy.
You're in.
Stop wagging your tail.
- What?
- Stop wagging your
tail. cats don't wag
their tail when they're happy.
- Right. sorry boss.
- We are now operating
an equal opportunity
new world order
with cats on top.
Now let's start by taking down
that lousy mutt. Wonder Dog.
- Down with Wonder
Dog. down with Wonder Dog!
Down with Wonder Dog!
- That's of ryou.
- Wonder Dog.
- Charlie. this
is the chief of police.
A bomber is about to blow up
Hard Rock Geological Museum.
- Not a chance.
- We need you!
- Copy that.
- Please be careful.
- Don't worry bud. I will.
- Yeah. he's gonna
have to pay for that.
- Wonder Dog. the doors in
the museum are welded shut.
People are trapped
inside with the bomb.
- Roger that. chief!
- Everyone. out of the area.
I repeat. clear the area now!
- Hi there.
- It's Wonder Dog!
- Quick selfie?
- Sure.
Listen!
There's a bomb. I need to
get you out of here now!
Okay. out the door.
There you go.
Anyone else. anyone in here?
Okay. all clear.
Now where is that bomb?
- Help us.
Wonder Dog. please help.
- Help us Wonder
Dog. help. please help.
- Guys I hear you.
but where are you?
- We're in here. hurry
Wonder Dog. hurry.
We're in here. please help.
We're in here. hurry
Wonder Dog. hurry.
- Stand back.
Wow. that is amazing.
Children. where are you?
Huh. a zong?
- We're going in.
Sweep the entire area.
Wonder Dog. where are you?
- Oh hey. hi chief.
- You okay?
- Yeah. think so.
- It's clear chief.
no sign of a bomb.
- Thank goodness.
- Wait a minute.
The palantine
diamond. it's gone!
- Palantine what?
- Diamond. the largest most
valuable diamond in the world!
I don't under stand Wonder Dog.
did you destroy the vault door?
- Not that I remember.
- Hey chief. we found something.
He was hiding behind an exhibit.
Take a look at this.
- I'll never talk. copper.
- What?
- What the?
- Did you get it?
The D-I-A-M-O-N-D?
- You don't think I can spell?
- What are you talking about?
I came to save everybody.
there were kids in danger.
- Nope. no kids.
We swept the whole place.
- No. no. I. I promise there
were kids screaming for help.
- The Palatine diamond.
You know Wonder Dog.
I think this devastates
me more than you.
- Chief. I was framed.
I. I didn't do it.
believe me. please.
- I believe you. Charlie.
But I have to take you in.
Hands in the air. slowly.
- Order. order in the court.
Mr. Wonder Dog. how do you plead
on the charges of grand larceny?
- Not guilty. your
Honor. obviously.
- I will allow the
evidence. proceed.
- Exhibit A. security video
of Wonder Dog breaking
into the vault.
- Okay. well. now that
you show it to me.
Yeah. I might've done that.
- Exhibit B. the defendant
caught red-handed
with the Palatine diamond.
- That's not me. I. I
didn't do it. I swear.
People of the court.
the proof is in the footage.
- Come on. don't you know
what AI can do these days?
I mean. that's why
there's so much debate
about this technology.
I think it's dangerous.
at least today.
- Mr. Wonder Dog.
what do you have
to say in your defense?
- That I was framed.
Look. I don't steal.
It's all fake.
- What's fake Wonder Dog is you!
- Charlie. you are
guilty as charged.
Place Wonder Dog
under house arrest.
In addition. I
hear by cut you off
from doggie dash
home order food.
- What?
No more sweet
scrumptious bolognese?
- And worst of all. you are
hereby to be labeled bad dog.
- What?
- Courtesy of your friendly
neighborhood Puddy.
- Puddy. what?
- You betrayed us. dog.
Bye bye Charlie.
You are canceled.
- It's the
hottest on year on record
and we haven't hit any of
our climate milestones.
Think of the penguins.
They're running on
ice to slide on.
To slide on. ma'am!
- Wonder Dog's a
disaster. ma'am.
- If we do not act now.
New York could be
underwater by next summer.
- This is terrible!
- I'm so glad
you're finally listening.
- Charlie. Charlie.
Are you okay?
- No. I'm not okay.
I've hit rock bottom.
I'm in the depths of despair.
- Charlie. I know
you're innocent.
- Rotten.
The bolognese Danny.
they took it away. Danny.
You got any tissues?
- No. sorry.
- See. no tissues
either. perfect.
I need to be alone now. please.
- Charlie. you need
to work past this.
That's what heroes do.
- I'm no hero.
- I have had it!
Everyone is fine!
I mean everyone!
- Ms. President. firing everyone
won't get your money back.
What you spent on Wonder
Dog dog food. it's gone.
- Go away!
Money. stacks of
money. send them in.
A cat?
There's a. there's
a giant cat in here
dressed like Liberace.
- Oh. love that guy.
- Get him out.
- You sure about that?
- Oh. pretty money.
Wait a minute!
A talking Cat. I lost a
fortune on a talking dog.
Why should I listen to you?
- Because I got a
plan to recoup all
that money you
lost on Wonder Mutt
and make you 10 times richer.
- Go on. I'm listening.
- Meet me here. sweetheart.
Midnight tomorrow I
got something that'll
push your crowds
through the stratosphere and
turn you into a bajillionaire.
- Sounds fabulous.
But why should I trust you?
- Let me explain it this way.
- All right. I'll be there.
This better be good.
- Behold. Puddy the magnificent.
eighth wonder of the world.
- Oh. so sparkly!
- Oh. it is more than just
sparkly. Ms. president.
Just imagine the
heights that you
and I could reach together.
We could make billions.
- Pretty slick.
I'll give you that.
But I told you. I already have a
warehouse full of dog
food that I can't sell.
Why would I risk a small
fortune to buy more?
- Ah. see. that's where
my genius comes in.
You don't buy a thing.
Witness the power of free
branding. Mr. President.
- Oh. oh my. what
a marvelous scheme.
You and I promote President's
Puddy Cat cat food.
But what we're
really selling is.
- That worthless
dog food of yours.
We just relabel the cans
and make a magnificent
mountain of money.
So. what'd you say?
- I say it's brilliant and
you've got yourself a deal.
- I thought you might say that.
- Well. my peeps. it's
been barely a week
since the downfall
of Wonder Dog.
And already we've
got a new superhero
in town to take his place.
Say hello to Puddy
the magnificent.
- Oh. your welcome.
- No. no. no. no!
- Dude. you can't
keep doing this.
- Yeah and I told
you to stay away.
- I'm not gonna do that.
You need to take care
of yourself Charlie.
Come on. let's go for a walk.
- No. I'm under house
arrest. remember?
- Just in the yard.
It'll do you good.
- Please just. just. just go.
- You used to say to me.
I could do anything if I
just believed in myself.
- Yeah. well. I was wrong.
- You weren't.
You saved all those people.
Not because of your new powers.
Because you believed
you could do it.
The powers just enabled you.
- I'm nothing if people
don't believe in me.
- It's more important
you believe in yourself.
They don't know the truth.
- Yeah. but I just. I don't
know how to convince them.
Puddy's won.
- In your heart. you're a hero.
You always have been.
ever since you were young.
And most of all. most of
all. you've been my hero.
You've made me believe
in myself my whole life.
I'd be nothing without you.
- That cat is too smart.
- Perfect. just as
nature intended.
- Meow.
- Huh?
Huh?
- Engineering of
the human and feline DNA
have successfully hybridized.
- This doesn't sound good.
- Meow.
- Otis?
What is going on?
- Meow.
- Danny. Danny.
are you all right?
- Charlie. listen.
there's no time.
I was in Puddy's
house. it's him.
He is the one behind it.
And he is got a
lot more planned.
He's gonna hurt every human.
I have evidence. I don't
know what it all means.
but it's got something to do
with President's
Puddy Cat Cat Food.
I took this too.
Puddy'S log. entry number eight.
At first observation.
it is clear the human
and feline DNA have
become intertwined.
- What?
- What are we gonna do? We
have to stop him. Charlie.
- I got it!
Mom.
- What?
No. we can't tell her.
- She always fixes our problems.
- Charlie. it's not a good idea.
- That's her superpower.
Mom can fix anything.
You go first and then I follow.
- It was your idea.
- She'll wanna hear
it from you first.
You're her favorite.
- No. we should do it together.
- He. no. go. go.
- Danny. what's going on?
I heard voices out here.
Are you okay. sweetheart?
- Mom. I need to
tell you something.
We need to tell you something.
- Hiya mom.
Yeah. your golden retriever
is the world's fallen hero.
- What?
- Huh?
Oh. oh. here.
- What is going on here?
Is this some sort of prank?
- Mom. are you okay?
- How long have you known
Charlie was a. a superhero?
- Since I was six.
- But. but I didn't get
my mask until recently.
- Mom. Puddy is gonna
hurt a lot of people.
We've got proof.
we need your help.
- Why do you think I can help?
- You used to be a scientist.
- Danny. that was
a long time ago.
- Yeah Mom. you
can fix anything.
- How did this happen?
- Actually. well. aliens.
- Aliens?
- Mom. what is it?
- It's the same. same type
of ship I was pulled onto.
- Why didn't you ever
tell us about this?
- Well. you weren't born.
- No. no. no need to explain.
You wouldn't assume
your domesticated pet
was even listening just hanging
onto every word you said.
even though he couldn't talk.
- Here we see the feline
DNA clearly enhanced.
Meanwhile. the human
DNA is equally degraded.
So cats become intelligent
while humans become.
well. less intelligent.
- In Puddy'S house.
I found a map
of an amusement park
with a warehouse.
- I know where that is.
It's by the edge of town.
- We gotta stop it
before it's too late.
- Let's go.
- What?
Where are you going?
Wait.
- Mom. we're
humanity's only hope.
- Trust me. mom. this
ain't our first rodeo.
- Yeah. we used to
jump over lava pits.
- Danny no. this is crazy!
- Not to worry. I'm
practically a service dog.
We'll be okay. thanks mom!
- Wait. stop!
Huh?
- Of course.
- Hey. hey!
- Oh. sorry. you get used to it.
- Wow.
- This looks bad. Danny.
What are they shipping?
This way.
- Watch out
Over there.
- They're infusing
the food with something.
But what?
- I don't know. but it's got
something to do with DNA.
What's wrong with them?
Don't worry. we'll
help you get out here.
- Shh. quiet.
- Intruders. intruders!
Wonder Dog is in the building!
- Wow!
- Those are some real
sour pusses there.
- Hello. Charles.
Didn't I cancel you?
- Duty calls. a bad
cat needs caging.
- Now I wonder if Wonder
Dog has got the smarts
to out smart this smart kitty.
I mean. I'm smart.
A smarty. a fat smarty.
Actually. I. I'm not
fat. but. but smart. yes.
I'm more big boned.
Not that I like bones
at all. but just hefty.
It's mostly fur.
- Nope. you're fat.
- Me. have you seen
a mirror lately?
- I've got news for you. buddy.
It's mostly gas.
I'll handle Puddy. you've
got those cats. right?
- Anyone up for a cat nap?
Yeah. didn't think so.
- Uh oh.
- Where you gonna
run to now. runt?
- Danny!
- Mom!
- This way. over here!
I found this pendant when that
ship crashed 26 years ago.
Today's the first
time it's activated.
I think when Charlie
went near it.
- What does it do?
- I don't know. but I bet
it has something to do
with what's going
on with our pets.
- So you wanna
play cat and mouse?
- Oh yeah.
I'm not gonna play
nice this time.
- Oh. our friends
have come to play.
How about some bumper cars?
- Danny. run!
Danny!
- Stop where you are Doneder
Mutt. or your friends get it.
- No. don't.
- Not an inch closer.
- Okay. okay. just
don't hurt them.
- Oh. so shiny and powerful.
What does it do?
- Mouse. it's a mouse.
- After her!
- Danny. we gotta
help mom. hop on.
- Mom!
- Danny!
- Way to go!
Yeah. let's go!
- Wow. what does it do?
- I don't know. but we can't
let Puddy get away with it.
- That pendant belongs to me!
- Wow!
- Danny!
- Phew. thanks buddy.
- What?
- Yes. I got it.
- I got you. little doggie.
- Wow mom. great catch!
- Little cat!
- I think it's time I
crash this little party.
- Mom!
- Danny!
- Wow!
- Hi kid.
- Charlie!
- Danny!
No. don't hurt him!
- Uh. uh. playtime is over.
You know why cats belong
on top and dogs do not?
Because you're strong here.
but you're soft and weak here.
- You're wrong.
He's not weak.
He loves to help people.
He always puts
others for himself.
He's a good dog.
And you know what he does
better than anyone else?
- Oh. what's that?
- Charlie. fetch.
- Danny. hold on.
- Oh yes.
Don't hurt me. don't hurt me!
- Where did you get this?
- From her. from her.
She had it. she had it!
Mom!
- Tell me.
- 1999 something crashed
in the Mojave Desert.
one of your ships.
It wore this pendant.
I tried to help. I gave
it shade and water. but.
- My precious Flopsy.
- I'm so sorry.
- Thank you for caring for her.
She was my special pet.
I searched for years.
She's the reason we
know of your planet.
Oh. I told you to stay
in the ship. my son.
- Well. I did.
But I saw something
shiny down here.
Wow. must have been you!
So sparkly. I love
it. I love it!
- Keep you're slimy
tentacles off of me!
- Mom. I found my pet.
I want him. I want him!
- Finally!
Oh. that's wonderful. dear.
Bring it along.
- You are gonna
love your new life.
I'm gonna call sparkles!
- Please. Wonder Dog. save me!
We're neighbors. right. bud?
I. I mean. we share
a property line.
the same septic field.
Heck. we're
practically brothers!
Save me. please!
- Let me think about it.
I don't think so.
Bye Puddy. watch out
for that airlock.
- And I'm gonna
love you and squeeze you
and kick you and feed you
and hug you and kiss you
and punch you and pinch you.
- God. I'll get you
for this. Wonder Dog!
- Now. we must right the wrongs
that we have caused
on your planet.
- Excuse me. Mrs. All Powerful
Aliens squid creature.
What exactly does that mean?
Wow.
- Where am I?
- Hey there little guy.
Ouch. hey!
Charlie?
Charlie!
You're back. the
way you used to be.
- We must go now.
Come.
- Who will protect us?
He was earth's hero.
Not just mine.
- Things must stay as they were.
It is the natural
balance of your world.
- Please. he's
always been a hero.
- Hmm. perhaps it was fate
she ended up on this planet.
Perhaps she had a greater
purpose than just being my pet.
Just like your Charlie.
- Yes.
- Oh my boy.
Are you sure?
- Charlie is the one
thing I've been sure
of my entire life.
- This time we'll ensure
we can't change our minds.
The transformation
will be forever.
Stand back.
- What happened. is he okay?
Is Charlie okay?
- I hope I did that properly.
- Charlie!
Charlie?
Charlie!
- Right here. pal.
And I'm not going anywhere.
- Charlie!
Thank you.
- Listen to each other.
support each other.
And most of all. enjoy
your time together.
It is precious.
- Goodbye.
- Bye!
- Otis. who is she?
- Oh gosh. that there's
my new lady friend.
Oh. oh.
Yeah.
- Nice one Otis.
- Retinal
scans successful.
Welcome. Danny.
- Love what you've
done with the place.
- Every superhero needs
a super hangout. right?
- How about dinner?
- Oh man. sweet scrumptious
Luigi's bolognese.
- Shelter indoors people.
I repeat. shelter indoors!
- No time to waste partner.
- You know it.
Oh. don't forget your new mask.
- Oh. red is gonna
be so much faster.
- Red's preflight checklist.
- Base control. this
is Wonder Dog one.
I got a golf delta
bravo charlie for you.
- Rodger.
delta bravo. charlie.
Winds are 190 and 12 knots.
You are cleared for
immediate ballistic takeoff
with supersonic response.
- Danny. this is FAA.
your flight plan is approved.
- NORAD.
- Airspace clear.
- Space command.
- Orbital
reentry confirmed.
- Firing room ready.
- You are clear
for takeoff. Danny.
- You up for this. Danny?
- It's you and me. Charlie.
Execute hurricane
rescue maneuver.
- They say anyone
can be a hero no
matter who they are.
But a hero doesn't need to
fly or even save the day.
A hero can do something as
simple as just make you believe.
Kind of like Danny did for me.
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ You can be unstoppable. yeah ♪
♪ But there's a hero waiting
deep inside to show ♪
♪ Oh. everything's
achievable. yeah ♪
♪ It's truly
unbelievable. yeah ♪
♪ When you get that feeling
deep inside you'll know ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ Well. now's the time the
world needs some someone ♪
♪ Honest. faithful
that we can rely on ♪
♪ Shoot for the moon.
reach for the stars ♪
♪ You've got to truly believe ♪
♪ That anything is possible ♪
♪ You can be unstoppable. yeah ♪
♪ Well there's a hero
waiting deep inside to show ♪
♪ Oh. that everything's
achievable ♪
♪ Yeah. it's truly
unbelievable. yeah ♪
♪ When you get feeling
deep inside. you'll know ♪
♪ It shows that
anything is possible ♪
♪ If the moment happens
to come your way ♪
♪ You'll not measured by
strength. measured by will ♪
♪ Just by the size
of your heart ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ You can be unstoppable. yeah ♪
♪ When there's a hero
waiting deep inside to show ♪
♪ Oh. everything's
achievable. yeah ♪
♪ It's truly
unbelievable. yeah ♪
♪ When you get that feeling
inside you'll know ♪
♪ It shows anything
is possible. yeah ♪
♪ Anything it possible.
anything is possible ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ On your balcony might
just be the kid next door ♪
♪ But to a friend
who needs a hand ♪
♪ He's so much more ♪
♪ You don't need to
be a man of steel ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the real deal ♪
♪ You've got to believe ♪
♪ You've got to wear your
heart on your sleeve ♪
♪ Yeah. you've got to believe ♪
♪ You'll be amazed
what you achieve ♪
♪ Yeah. you've got to believe ♪
♪ To a stranger. you might be ♪
♪ A face in the crowd ♪
♪ Just another dreamer with
his head in the clouds ♪
♪ But to me. you're
a superstar ♪
♪ I wanna be where
ever you are ♪
♪ You've got to believe ♪
♪ You've got to wear your
heart on your sleeve ♪
♪ Yeah. you've got to believe ♪
♪ You'll be amazed
what you'll achieve ♪
♪ Yeah. you've got to believe ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm